h1. rah_default_category

p. Rah_default_category is a tiny admin-extension for "Textpattern CMS":http://www.textpattern.com. The plugin brings the default section feature to categories. The extension adds new options to Textpattern's "Advanced Preferences":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=Advanced_Preferences that allow site admins can set default article categories, just like one can select a default article section. Selected default categories are then used as the default option on the "Write":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=Write panel. The plugin is an answer to a feature request made by "jim":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=29148.

h2. List of features

* Select default categories for articles, just like you can select a default section.
* Provides easily configurable options added to Textpattern's Advanced Preferences (_Textpattern / Admin / Preferences / Advanced > Default Article Categories_).

h2. Requirements

p. Rah_default_category's minimum requirements:

* Textpattern v4.4.0 or newer.
* PHP5

h2. Installation and usage

p. The normal plugin installation behavior stands:

# Download the plugin installation code file.
# Navigate to your Textpattern installation's _Plugins_ page (TXP/Admin/Plugins).
# Copy and paste the plugin code to the _Install plugin_ box and run the automated setup.
# When the setup is done, just activate the plugin from the plugin list.
# When done, the plugin is ready to be used. Now you can go to _Textpattern / Admin / Preferences / Advanced_ > Section: _Default Article Categories_ and pick the default categories.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.6 - upcoming

* Improved: Now uses @escape_js()@ to make sure JavaScript strings are valid.
* Improved: Language strings aren't embedded to the source code, but uses external Textpack that are ran during install.
* Changed: Wrapped functions to a class.
* Changed: Renamed Preference group to _Default Article Categories_.

h3. Version 0.5 - 2011/06/29

* Fixed: the issue where default values didn't show up directly after logging in. "Thank you for reporting the issue Husain":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?pid=242061#p242061.

h3. Version 0.4 - 2011/06/29

* Changed: Integrated the plugin's preferences pane to Textpattern's build in Advanced Preferences interface. The plugin no longer has own tab, but instead the preferences are located at _TXP/Admin/Preferences/Advanced_.
* Changed: Preferences are now stored in txp_prefs table instead of its own table. The plugin comes with migration script that makes transition automatic.
* Fixed: Doesn't throw up JavaScript if browser's JavaScript support is disabled.
* Added: Language string support.
* Added: Options link to the Textpattern's plugins pane.
* For full feature compatibility requires Textpattern 4.2.0 or newer.

h3. Version 0.3 - 2010/11/02

* Removed unnecessary default values from the installation query.
* Removed no-longer used HTML IDs.

h3. Version 0.2 - 2010/08/11

* Fixed: conditional logic. Now doesn't reselected default categories after _article post + empty categories_ combination.
* Removed tables from the plugin's prefs panel and changed to better layout.
* Removed inline styles.
* Improved installer.
* Now uses same coding style as all newer rah-plugins.
* Centralized preferences fetcher.
* Changed prefs panel event from @rah_default_category_page@ to @rah_default_category@.
* Now requires Textpattern version 4.0.7 or newer.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2008/12/11

* Initial release.